feature: add trailing commas (#1858)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: pages/docs/reference/functions.md

### Parameters

> Function parameters are defined using Pascal notation, i.e. *name*: *type*. Parameters are separated using commas. Use a [trailing comma](coding-conventions.html#trailing-commas) when declaring function parameters.

Reviewer: Not sure we can just recommend it in general for all functions. There are hundreds of examples without it in our own docs and Kotlin codebase :)

### Parameters

Function parameters are defined using Pascal notation, i.e. *name*: *type*. Parameters are separated using commas.

> The Kotlin code style recommends using a [trailing comma](coding-conventions.html#trailing-commas) when you declare function parameters.

Reviewer: This is the most questionable thing as for me, so I'll ask again: can we really recommend trailing comma in function (and class) declarations **unconditionally**?
I mean, everybody declares small functions in a way like `fun sum(a: Int, b:Int): Int` - this sentence states that it's wrong now. Why? How does trailing comma make it better?

Author: I don't see a contradiction here: 
Kotlin style **recommends**: recommendation != obligation

And this code line `fun sum(a: Int, b:Int): Int` is not wrong.

Reviewer: I sure agree that it's not an obligation. Under "wrong" I mean "not recommended"/"contradicts with recommendations". 
The sentence says "recommend trailing comma in (any!) function parameters". So we directly say to the reader that the recommended way is different from this (my example). But this declaration is OK, isn't it?
I would expect more tailored recommendations - when is this comma useful? I really don't see a point in trailing comma in many cases (one-line declarations, for example).

Author: I understand the concern; thus I rewrote this part.

```
</div>

> You can use a [trailing comma](coding-conventions.html#trailing-commas) when you declare class properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a [trailing comma](coding-conventions.html#trailing-commas) when you declare function parameters:
```

```
</div>

The Kotlin code style recommends using a [trailing comma](coding-conventions.html#trailing-commas) when you declare function parameters.

> It simplifies reordering, deleting, and adding new parameters. Using trailing commas are optional: without them your code will work as well.

Reviewer: Do we really need to repeat this on three pages? "Optional" is obvious from the example above and the `recommends` word, benefits are described in coding conventions. The same goes for the Classes page.

Author: IIRC, you've mentioned above that you want to see here the benefits of using trailing commas ("when is this comma useful?"). Did I miss something?
